.TH TROLLFS 1 "MAY 2017" Linux "User Manuals"                                  
.SH NAME                                                                     
trollfs \- A hi-tech prank. :-)
.SH SYNOPSIS                                                                 
.B  trollfs [-d mountpoint] [-f payload_repository] [-m magic_db] [-D] 
         [-h] 
.SH DESCRIPTION                                                              
.B trollfs                                                                       
permits to create and "overmount" a fake in-memory file system (using FUSE) that reproduce almost exactly the structure of the sub-tree present in the mount point, but, for each read request returns fake data instead of the real content, The payload is freely configurable creating o modifying the files present in the payloads' directory. A file created in that directory, with an extension related to one or more real files present in the original directory, will be used as fake data. 
.SH OPTIONS                                                       
.IP -d mountpoint
Specifies the directory to "overmount": new access to that directory will be hijacked by trollfs. To umount the troll fs, use the command: fusermount -u <mountpoint>
.IP -f payload_repository
Specifies an alternative payload' directory. The default is: ./trollrepos .
.IP -m magic_db
Specifies an alternative libmagic database. Libmagic is used to check that content of a file with a higher priority on the extension, if present.  The default is: /usr/share/file/magic.mgc .
.IP -D                                                                       
Debug mode. A file with name .trollfs_debug.log will be created with debug information.
.IP -h
A short description of trollfs command line syntax.
.SH FILES                                                                    
.IP /usr/share/file/magic.mgc
Default libmagic db.
.IP ./trollrepos
Default payloads' repository.
.IP .trollfs_debug.log
Debug log file, if -D was specified.
.SH BUGS                                                                     
This program is an alpha. Please report any bugs.
.SH DEPENDENCIES
libfuse (FUSE), libmagic (file recognition).                                                                   
.SH AUTHOR                                                                   
Gabriele Bonacini <gabriele.bonacini@protonmail.com>
.SH "SEE ALSO"                                                               
.BR SSH(1)
